<style type="text/css">.rendered-markdown{font-size:14px} .rendered-markdown>*:first-child{margin-top:0!important} .rendered-markdown>*:last-child{margin-bottom:0!important} .rendered-markdown a{text-decoration:underline;color:#b75246} .rendered-markdown a:hover{color:#f36050} .rendered-markdown h1, .rendered-markdown h2, .rendered-markdown h3, .rendered-markdown h4, .rendered-markdown h5, .rendered-markdown h6{margin:24px 0 10px;padding:0;font-weight:bold;-webkit-font-smoothing:antialiased;cursor:text;position:relative} .rendered-markdown h1 tt, .rendered-markdown h1 code, .rendered-markdown h2 tt, .rendered-markdown h2 code, .rendered-markdown h3 tt, .rendered-markdown h3 code, .rendered-markdown h4 tt, .rendered-markdown h4 code, .rendered-markdown h5 tt, .rendered-markdown h5 code, .rendered-markdown h6 tt, .rendered-markdown h6 code{font-size:inherit} .rendered-markdown h1{font-size:28px;color:#000} .rendered-markdown h2{font-size:22px;border-bottom:1px solid #ccc;color:#000} .rendered-markdown h3{font-size:18px} .rendered-markdown h4{font-size:16px} .rendered-markdown h5{font-size:14px} .rendered-markdown h6{color:#777;font-size:14px} .rendered-markdown p, .rendered-markdown blockquote, .rendered-markdown ul, .rendered-markdown ol, .rendered-markdown dl, .rendered-markdown table, .rendered-markdown pre{margin:15px 0} .rendered-markdown hr{border:0 none;color:#ccc;height:4px;padding:0} .rendered-markdown>h2:first-child, .rendered-markdown>h1:first-child, .rendered-markdown>h1:first-child+h2, .rendered-markdown>h3:first-child, .rendered-markdown>h4:first-child, .rendered-markdown>h5:first-child, .rendered-markdown>h6:first-child{margin-top:0;padding-top:0} .rendered-markdown a:first-child h1, .rendered-markdown a:first-child h2, .rendered-markdown a:first-child h3, .rendered-markdown a:first-child h4, .rendered-markdown a:first-child h5, .rendered-markdown a:first-child h6{margin-top:0;padding-top:0} .rendered-markdown h1+p, .rendered-markdown h2+p, .rendered-markdown h3+p, .rendered-markdown h4+p, .rendered-markdown h5+p, .rendered-markdown h6+p{margin-top:0} .rendered-markdown ul, .rendered-markdown ol{padding-left:30px} .rendered-markdown ul li>:first-child, .rendered-markdown ul li ul:first-of-type, .rendered-markdown ol li>:first-child, .rendered-markdown ol li ul:first-of-type{margin-top:0} .rendered-markdown ul ul, .rendered-markdown ul ol, .rendered-markdown ol ol, .rendered-markdown ol ul{margin-bottom:0} .rendered-markdown dl{padding:0} .rendered-markdown dl dt{font-size:14px;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;padding:0;margin:15px 0 5px} .rendered-markdown dl dt:first-child{padding:0} .rendered-markdown dl dt>:first-child{margin-top:0} .rendered-markdown dl dt>:last-child{margin-bottom:0} .rendered-markdown dl dd{margin:0 0 15px;padding:0 15px} .rendered-markdown dl dd>:first-child{margin-top:0} .rendered-markdown dl dd>:last-child{margin-bottom:0} .rendered-markdown blockquote{border-left:4px solid #DDD;padding:0 15px;color:#777} .rendered-markdown blockquote>:first-child{margin-top:0} .rendered-markdown blockquote>:last-child{margin-bottom:0} .rendered-markdown table th{font-weight:bold} .rendered-markdown table th, .rendered-markdown table td{border:1px solid #ccc;padding:6px 13px} .rendered-markdown table tr{border-top:1px solid #ccc;background-color:#fff} .rendered-markdown table tr:nth-child(2n){background-color:#f8f8f8} .rendered-markdown img{max-width:100%;-moz-box-sizing:border-box;box-sizing:border-box} .rendered-markdown code, .rendered-markdown tt{margin:0 2px;padding:0 5px;border:1px solid #eaeaea;background-color:#f8f8f8;border-radius:3px} .rendered-markdown code{white-space:nowrap} .rendered-markdown pre>code{margin:0;padding:0;white-space:pre;border:0;background:transparent} .rendered-markdown .highlight pre, .rendered-markdown pre{background-color:#f8f8f8;border:1px solid #ccc;font-size:13px;line-height:19px;overflow:auto;padding:6px 10px;border-radius:3px} .rendered-markdown pre code, .rendered-markdown pre tt{margin:0;padding:0;background-color:transparent;border:0}</style>
<div class="rendered-markdown"><h1>COMS W1004</h1>
<h2>Spring 2024</h2>
<h2>Homework 3</h2>
<h2>Due February 9, 11:59PM</h2>
<p><strong>Problem 1</strong> (15 points) Do Practice Exercise 4.21.1 on Zybook. For this problem you should edit the five template files named <code>E1a.java</code>, <code>E1b.java</code>, <code>E1c.java</code>, <code>E1d.java</code>, and <code>E1e.java</code> that are on Codio. No object-oriented structure is required here. This is just an exercise in using loops.</p>
<p><strong>Problem 2</strong>. (5 points) Write a <code>BankTest</code> class whose main method constructs a <code>BankAccount</code> object, deposits $10,000, withdraws $600, withdraws another $200, and then prints the remaining balance. I have included the <code>BankAccount.java</code> file from lecture on Codio. You must complete the provided <code>BankTest.java</code> file. This one should not be very difficult given what we have done in lecture.</p>
<p><strong>Problem 3</strong> (5 points) Write a class <code>Car</code> with two instance variables, one for the gas mileage in miles per gallon and one for the gas in gallons remaining in the tank. The gas mileage should be specified in the <code>Car</code> constructor and the gas remaining in the tank should be initialized to zero when a new <code>Car</code> object is instantiated.  Write a constructor and three methods: <code>drive</code>, <code>addGas</code> and <code>gasLeft</code>. The method <code>drive</code> is a mutator that reduces the amount of gas in the tank when the car is driven a specified distance in miles using the gas mileage to determine by exactly how much. You can assume that the distance specified is always within the current range of the car given the current amount of gas in the tank. The method <code>addGas</code> is a mutator method that adds a specified amount of gas in gallons to the tank. The method <code>gasLeft</code> is an accessor method that returns the amount of gas currently lef in the tank. I have provided a test class, <code>CarTester.java</code>, for your Car class. Your class <em>must</em> work with this test class and you must not change this test class. I have also provided a template <code>Car.java</code> that you should use when making your Car class.</p>
<p><strong>Problem 4</strong> (15 points) Do Practice Exercise 5.24.3 on Zybook. Use the provided <code>Circuit.java</code> file for making your Circuit class. Your class must work with the provided test class <code>CircuitTest.java</code> and you must not alter this test class.</p>
<p><strong>What to hand in</strong>
<br  />You should submit nine files for this assignment:</p>
<ol>
<li><code>E1a.java</code></li>
<li><code>E1b.java</code></li>
<li><code>E1c.java</code></li>
<li><code>E1d.java</code></li>
<li><code>E1e.java</code></li>
<li><code>BankTester.java</code></li>
<li><code>Car.java</code></li>
<li><code>Circuit.java</code></li>
<li><code>README.txt</code></li>
</ol>
<p>Remember to use your <code>README.txt</code> file to list any resources you used beyond the the course materials or students you worked with. Be sure to read and adhere to the rules found in the course Style Guide. There you will also find guidance on what to include in your <code>README.txt</code> file.</p>
<p><strong>Submitting your work</strong></p>
<p><em>Please carefully read how to submit your work for this assignment. If you have questions please ask any member of the teaching staff. You will not earn full credit for work that is submitted incorrectly. Be sure to check the course homework policy for more detailed information about homework submission and grading policies.</em></p>
<p>Download your homework files from Codio onto your own computer and then upload the 9 files listed above to <strong>Homework 3</strong> on Gradescope. Just in case you have any doubts there is a screencast on Canvas in the Additional Resources folder located in the Files Section showing you how to submit your work. After submitting your assignment on Gradescope, perform the following checks:</p>
<p>1) Download your entire submission from Gradescope to an <em>empty folder</em> on your computer</p>
<p>2) Check to make sure that you have submitted 9 plain text files with the correct names.</p>
<p>3) Check to see that each of the files <code>E1a.java</code>, <code>E1b.java</code>, <code>E1c.java</code>, <code>E1d.java</code>, and <code>E1e.java</code> compile and run properly.</p>
<p>4) Check to see that the <code>BankTest.java</code> file you submitted compiles and runs properly with the <code>BankAccount.java</code> file provided on Codio. You should not submit the <code>BankAccount.java</code> file on Gradescope.</p>
<p>5) Check to see that <code>Car.java</code> file you submitted compiles and runs properly with the <code>CarTester.java</code> file provided on Codio. You should not submit the <code>CarTester.java</code> file on Gradescope.</p>
<p>6) Check to see that the <code>Circuit.java</code> file you submitted compiles and runs properly with the <code>CircuitTester.java</code> file provided on Codio. You should not submit the <code>CircuitTester.java</code> file on Gradescope.</p>
<p>If anything is wrong, resubmit your assignment and do these checks again.</p>
<p>That's it! If you have any questions, by all means reach out to any member of the teaching staff for help!</p>
</div>